I'm Nathaniel Johnston and Johnson
photography today I'm going to be
reviewing the new Sony rx1 to focus
camera first thing we notice is how
solid it feels in your hands
as you can tell even in on a bright day
like today looking at the viewfinder is
not a problem
all the controls feel really just
perfectly designed you can see right
here we have an exposure compensation
dial which I love having on the back of
the camera
Sony works really hard and they're known
for great sensors this is a full-frame
sensor so this is no joke right here and
it's the newest one the lens is
definitely a quality lens and it better
be because you're stuck with it if you
buy the camera the good thing about
having a dedicated lens is that this
lens was designed only for this camera
so now I'm forcing high ISO and I'm
gonna zoom in on the image and see how
much grain we can see you know what I
have to say that is a really really
clean looking image and I had the ISO
maxed out and you can see the grain but
man you can't really see the grain this
camera just sold me right now with his
high ISO performance this is awesome
the autofocus on the Sony rx1 looks like
it's pretty solid I just took some shots
of cyclists going by in Central Park and
it seemed like it knew what I was trying
to get the photos of and it managed to
get them in focus even well this guy's
out of focus but that's one out of about
six so I'll have to say that the
autofocus is pretty intelligent I'm not
sure about Sony's decision to make the
camera be the battery charger you can't
charge the battery unless it's in the
camera you can take the battery out of
the camera and then not charge it in
anything so I guess what Sony wants you
to do is buy two batteries this for a
pro level camera I think is a big no-no
if you're a Canon shooter you'll
appreciate the menus the menu system is
is laid out very much like the canons
are but not at all like a Nikon one
thing I really appreciate about the
x1 is the fact that it's got a little
teeny dedicated flash it's got a hot
shoe on top - if I was a journalist and
I was in a situation that required a
quiet presence I would want this camera
I wouldn't want my d800 this cameras
definitely aimed squarely at the pro
shooter or the hobbyist who wants
something super super high quality that
can fit in a pocket well it can almost
fit in a pocket I don't think I can fit
this in my pants but if I had a jacket
it would fit perfectly I had a lot of
fun shooting with the Sony rx1 today
it's a great camera thanks for watching
if you want to see any of my photography
you can check out my website at wwlp.com
I'm Nathaniel Johnston see you next time